UNIX is an operating system that was created in 1969. It is the core foundation of most operating systems today. It was started at a computer lab company by a few employees who wanted to bring operating systems to consumers. UNIX is compromised of a kernel, the master control of the system. Almost all modern computers ranging from tablets to smartphones run off of a derivative of UNIX. Richie believes that future computers are going to go compact.

Bjarne Stroustrup is the creator of the C++ programming language. In the 1960s, the 'class' was introduced to programming, where things could be represented. This started object-oriented programming, being able to organize things so it could easily be interpreted by computers and humans. C++ was created to combine both low level and object-oriented programming. The language could perform high level tasks, like control cell phones and other devices directly to the hardware. C++ is extremely efficient and used in infrastructure to run hardware.

UNIX was developed at Bell Labratories by Dennis Ritchie and Ken Thompson. It was inspired by a combined effort project by Bell, MIT and GE. Ritchie and Thompson wanted to create a more portable and user-friendly OS. At first, UNIX was controlled by the government and required licensing, it was mainly used by universities and the government themselves. Due to this, it furthered the OS's development and made it much more widespread and available. UNIX made compiling much easier, condensing thousands of lines of code into just a few dozen at the most. UNIX is composed of a hierarchy of directories and files, which all communicate together and provides easy organization. The layout of input and output in UNIX made computers more efficient and transmitted signals through the silicon materials much faster.

Linux is in millions of computers and controls much of the internet. It is a billion and a half Android devices. Linux was created as part of a series of projects by Linus Torvalds by himself. At first, he did not make it open source but he did make it available to the public. He eventually made it open source and other programmers started to contribute their own ideas for Linux. It eventually sky rocketed with contributions, but Linus struggled to make it scale-able for all. Linus also wrote Git, which helped him manage his Linux project. Many companies like Google use Linux today.